so I got this yard man 21 sitting on the
side of the curb somebody was throwing
it away they just had put it out with a
free sign on it and I pulled up and I
said is this going bye-bye and they said
yep but it's a 6.0 industrial commercial
power to perform I think it's it to come
some water I'm not sure but it's a it's
a big one it looks like the concert of
me could be wrong
yeah to come sir right there so it did
come with a full can of gas full tank of
gas which means they probably tried to
get it running and didn't want us that
didn't want to run but it's electric
start electric start even has a key in
it and it's self-propelled six-speed
the throttle welded little washer on
right there or no why
but I'm gonna try to get this baby
rudder well here's a yard-man I pulled
off the air cleaner and hit the
carburetor with some carb cleaner that's
a nice extruded aluminum carburetor
wasn't too bad in there but I hit all
that stuff this little clamp was off and
I took the cover off cuz it was grinding
into the plastic right there and then
welcomed in this loop and I pulled it
and it kind of sputtered pulled it again
it sputters a little more and third time
it started and let me see if I could
start it again yeah pull the dead man
down
do you have to do much at all to this
one and it's a commercial series it's
got a transmission transmission Drive
differential differential action and
there it is right there
that it's driven by felt pretty good
I'll clean it up put it all back
together and see what I can do with it
it'll probably go on Craigslist or
something but looks like the muffler may
have some oil in it a little smoke
coming off of there but oh and it's got
one lever adjustment for all four wheels
kind of like the McClean does so
anything leave our trash mind here's our
young man it's all cleaned up it's
working properly
got a nope cellar a table on it right
here is our new control right here
turtle rabbit slow fast it's ready to go
we also got a new air cleaner yeah
filter inside of there and it's ready to
go